In this video, two AI agents are going


to run a full development cycle on a


Microsoft Fabric data platform. One


agent picks up a ticket from Azure


DevOps, builds the solution in its own


feature workspace, tests it against the


source system, updates the


documentation, and then opens up a pull


request. Then a second AI agent from a


completely different vendor reviews that


pull request before anything gets


approved. My only job in this whole


process is to write the ticket and press


the merge button after agents have done


their work. Oh, and at one point one


agent catches a mistake that I made.


Stay tuned. Welcome to the video. My


name is Alexy and on this channel I


cover all things Microsoft Fabric. Today


we are going to see what it actually


looks like when AI agents join your data


team. I have built a small Fabric data


platform for this, a metadata-driven


ingestion framework, an Azure SQL source


system, and Azure DevOps project with a


backlog, branch policies, and a project


wiki. And on this platform two AI agents


work as a data engineers. And I really


mean that they work like data engineers


on the team. Both agents run under their


own service principal identities, so


nothing in this video runs as me. And


there is no human sitting at the


keyboard prompting these agents either.


They get triggered by work appearing in


Azure DevOps, they wake up on their own,


they do their work, and the only way I


communicate with them is through


tickets, comments, and pull requests.


The developer agent runs on Cloud, and


the reviewer agent runs on OpenAI's


Codex, and that is very much on purpose.


The code gets written by one AI vendor


and then reviewed by completely


different one. So nobody here is grading


their own homework. First I will show


you the platform we're working on, the


architecture, the project wiki that both


agents use as their shared knowledge


base, and the source system. Then we


will follow one ticket through the


entire cycle, from the backlog to a


feature workspace through testing and


documentation into a pull request


through AI code review and finally to


the merge button, which is the one thing


that stays firmly in human hands. And


after the run, I will break down how


these agents are actually built and what


is their overall blueprint. And my goal


here is not just to show you a cool


demo. Along the way, I will point out


patterns that you can steal for your own


platform, like how to give agents a


ready-made toolbox so they don't burn


tokens reinventing things. And how to


scope their permissions so that autonomy


is actually safe and where human has to


stay in the loop. But now, let's get


started. All right, first I will walk


you through quickly what is actually


going to happen in the demo. So, in this


demo, first I'm going to create a ticket


to Azure DevOps board and then that's


going to trigger our first agent that is


going to be the developer agent that


runs cloud code. And that agent will


pick that ticket up and then it will


start the development process. And


before it starts, it will actually fetch


the Azure DevOps wiki where that shared


knowledge base lives for these agents.


And after it has the information how to


do the development work and what kind of


patterns and architecture we're


following here, it will actually then


create a new feature workspace and new


feature branch and start the development


work there. And then the AI agent will


iterate the development work there. And


when it is done, it will then open up a


pull request to Azure DevOps and that


will then trigger the review agent that


is running in Codex. Then this review


agent will also fetch the wiki and check


the architecture patterns and things


from there and then start to review the


pull request. And once the review agent


is happy with the pull request, it will


approve it and then I will get notified


and I will do the final merge back to


the main branch and then I would be able


to take that development work to the dev


dev workspace and deploy it forward.


Next, let's take a quick look at what


kind of architecture we have on that


platform there. So, we have there this


kind of a like a lightweight


metadata-driven framework that is kind


of similar that I have used in other


videos. But basically, we have Azure SQL


database as our source system and from


there we are fetching data from


different schemas that are representing


basically different source system


systems in this case.


So, from there we are using pipeline


copy activity and copying that data to


lakehouse raw layer there where we have


parquet files files for that raw data.


And then we have a notebook that will


actually do this kind of a like a SCD2


type processing for the data and process


it to the delta tables there. And this


whole metadata-driven framework is being


controlled from this LH configuration


lakehouse where we have these JSON


configuration files that tell for


example which tables we are fetching


from the source system and what are the


primary keys there etc. So, then the


pipeline and the notebook will use that


same configuration file and do the logic


and in the notebook we have some checks


for the data like we check that the


primary keys are unique and then enrich


the data with some metadata. But uh this


metadata-driven framework is not really


the focus of this video. I just want to


give you this like brief introduction so


you know what kind of solution those


agents are going to build. And we are


actually going to onboard a new source


system to this metadata-driven


framework. And next, let's check out


this project wiki that we have in the


devops because this is very important


for the solution, because this is


basically the shared context and


information that those AI agents will


have about this platform. So, here we


have documented how the platform works


and what kind of ingestion systems we


use and how those configuration files


will work. So, here we have some


examples how those configuration files


should work and what are those different


properties for and what are the naming


conventions on this platform and how to


run the load and etc. And here we have


already two source systems that have


been onboarded to this platform. So, we


have this retail op source system and


then we have this BMS source system. So,


both of these represent like existing


source systems where we already have


those data pipelines.


And by the way, this like company that


I'm presenting here, this is like a


Alexi Enterprise data platform. So, it


is this like a made-up company called


Alexi Enterprise and for Alexi


Enterprise we are now adding a new


source to the platform using those AI


agents. Then quickly, let's check out


the source system that we have here that


is this Azure SQL database and here we


have just some different schemas that


represent different source systems. And


in this demo we are going to onboard


this loyalty system. So, in that loyalty


schema we have three different tables:


members, point point events and then we


have tiers. And here we can see sample


data for each of those.


So, this is the system that we are going


to add to the platform. So, basically we


have already onboarded things from the


DBO schema previously and from that BMS


schema there, but now we are onboarding


this loyalty system. So, those three


tables there. And let's quickly also


check out things in fabric. So, here we


can see like things in the development


workspace where we have those two data


pipelines that are more or less


identical. So, this one for example is


ingesting that retail ops data. So, it


has this like metadata driven pipeline


structure where we have a lookup


activity that fetches the configuration


and then we have a for each loop that


will copy data from the SQL database and


then we run this load bronze layer


notebook that will actually then load


those delta tables. But, this is


basically the structure that we're going


to follow in the demo and ask the agent


to follow as well when it's onboarding a


new source system. But, there we need a


new pipeline here. But, now let's get


into the exciting part of the video. So,


the actual demo where we are going to


use those AI agents to do the


development work for us.


So, here we can see these two terminal


windows open and let's start from this


one. Basically, this is the developer


agent running in Windows and here we are


going to use Claude code for the


development work.


And I'm going to actually start this


like dispatcher script and this is not


yet triggering the agent. It will start


just start to poll Azure DevOps and see


if there are any new tickets or any new


tasks for this developer agent agent to


handle.


And then we have the reviewer agent that


I'm running in WSL here. So, basically


this is running in like Linux here so


that these two agents will stay separate


and do not cross contaminate each other.


And I will also start a dispatcher


script for this agent as well. So, it


will also start to poll Azure DevOps and


see if there are any new tasks. And only


way these two agents are going to


communicate with each other is through


like Azure DevOps like via the pull


request etc. So, they are not


communicating directly on my machine and


basically you could host these agents


somewhere else than you on your machine.


For the convenience sake, I'm just


running them them on my machine on this


headless session one day once once there


is something to do for them.


But now, let's go to Azure DevOps and


let's create that ticket that will


actually then trigger that developer


agent. So, here we have the Azure DevOps


board and to this board we are actually


now going to create a new ticket. So, we


create a new item here and we're going


to add it there. This will not trigger


the agent yet.


And I will add a description for this


ticket that will basically describe what


we want want to do. So, we are


onboarding our customer loyalty program


loyal loyalty as a new source system in


the bronze bronze ingestion and it is


telling that it lives in the same SQL


database as retail ops and etc. And then


it's giving some information about the


source tables we have there and what are


their primary keys and what are mark


columns etc. Because that is the


information that is needed for our


bronze layer load.


And then we're giving some instruction


instruction for the agent to run a full


load in your feature workspace and check


the audit before opening the PR.


But now,


uh I'm going to actually assign this


ticket to myself because in Azure DevOps


we cannot assign tickets to service


principal since that agent developer


agent is actually running as a service


principal, but I will assign it to


myself and then I will add a tag here


that is


dev agent and basically this dev agent


tag will be the indicator for the dev


agent that you need to pick up this


task. And now, when I click save and


close,


Uh, this developer agent should trigger


very soon. It is basically polling the


Azure DevOps every 30 seconds. So, in


the next loop, it should notice that


there is a new task for it to handle.


And now, the developer agent is


triggering and we can see that it is now


launching this like headless cloud code


session there running Fable 5 model. And


now, it will actually start to check out


the instructions for the agent that are


in this like agents.md file there.


And now, it will start to pull the


latest solution clone and pull the


latest wiki clone. So, basically, it is


going to pull the current current


version of the main main branch where we


have this basically the data platform


that I just showed you there. And then,


that agent will start to utilize the


Azure DevOps MCP server and also start


to read the docu- documentation from the


wiki.


And also, we can see that the agent has


moved the ticket from to do to doing.


So, we know that this is now ongoing.


And now, we can see that the agent is


creating a feature branch and feature


workspace for this work item 16. And we


can actually go here and check out


branches here and we should have a new


branch here. And here, we can see that


we have a new feature branch. And soon


in Fabric, we should also have like a


new feature workspace there as well that


the agent will create. So, let's go to


Fabric and maybe let's refresh this


page. And in the workspace, probably we


can already find a new


new feature workspace. And here, the Git


sync is actually going on. And now, the


agent has been syncing all these items


from the Git. And we can see that the


owner of these items is the dev agent


service principal. And one thing that I


have instructed the agent to actually do


is to give me always admin rights to


this workspace or this is the part of


the script that agent uses to create


this feature workspaces. So, I get


always admin rights to these workspaces.


And next, I think the agent will start


the development work and


this agent will actually do the


development work in Git and then sync


things here in the workspace and then


run them here. And now it is actually


doing already some Git operations there.


Okay, and now the agent has already


created a new pipeline to this workspace


and we can check that out.


So, basically this should be very


similar to those pipelines that we


already saw previously and it is almost


like like a exact copy of those, but the


agent created this independently here.


And now it is actually running already a


full load for that pipeline. So, if we


go to the monitor tab, we should see


that the agent is actually now running a


pipeline here. And running this pipeline


will actually take a little while. So,


maybe we will just skip a little bit


forward and see what is the outcome of


this testing once the agent is done.


Just a quick question before we


continue. Are you planning to get


Microsoft Fabric certified? If you are,


then you should check out my CertiAs


platform where I have hundreds of


top-tier practice questions for


different Microsoft certification exams.


On the platform, you will also find case


study questions, a very realistic timed


practice exam, and when you run out of


custom-made questions, you can generate


even more with our state-of-the-art AI


question generator. So, after watching


this video, go to certias.com to


supercharge your exam preparation


journey. Link to the CertiAs can be also


found in the video description. Now,


back to the video. And now the run is


actually done and we can see that the


run failed. So, I would assume that this


notebook here failed, and


we can quickly check out the item


snapshot of that notebook, like what


happened there. But, the agent is also


also like investigating what is the


problem problem there. And we can see


that there should be some failure here.


And we can see that PK check, so primary


key check, failed there. And also, here


in the agent output, we can see


information about the failed PK check


there. And now, we can also see that the


agent session has now ended, and it is


back to polling. So, it is waiting to


have more things to do. And what I have


actually instructed the developer agent


to do when it runs into issues is that


it will comment those issues and the


findings to the ticket that is currently


doing. So, if we go to the DevOps, we


should have the feature here. And here,


we should have a comment from the


developer agent. It is saying here that


the status is blocked. And here, it is


giving us the information that the PK


check failed for loyalty points events.


And then, it it is giving us some


information about the issue, like that


the member ID primary key is not unique


there. And actually, this is an


intentional mistake that I made with the


specification, so that we would have


this like a loop in this development


process, where the primary key is


incorrect.


So, now I will add here comment that


will actually respecify what is the


correct primary key. So, I will write


here, "My mistake, point events are not


unique by member ID. The key is member


ID plus event seg. Please use primary


key columns member ID and event seg for


points events." And we can also check


weekly the data that we have in the


database. And here, we can indeed see


that the member ID is not unique, and we


would need to add that even seek to make


those rows unique. But now, let's add


that comment to this ticket, and after


this, this will re-trigger the developer


agent, and it will then now start to do


changes based on my comment there.


So, it notified that new reply from


Alexi Partanen there, and it will now


start a new agent session there that


will like adjust the development work


based on this information that I gave


it. So, if we go to this feature


workspace,


what I assume that the agent will now do


is go to this LH configuration lakehouse


and modify that configuration file. So,


here we have that


configuration file where we have that


loyalty configuration JSON, where those


primary key columns are specified. And


here, with the point events, we can see


that the primary key column is only


member ID. And next,


the agent will modify this, and soon we


should see see this file being modified


modified there, and then we would have


that correct primary key there. And I


think the agent has now modified this


file, and if we recheck the file file


here,


uh


like refresh that one more time, I think


it should be modified, and


there we would have the correct primary


key like now. We can see that there are


two columns. So, the agent modified and


is now re-running the full load in this


feature feature workspace. So, if we go


back to the monitor tab, we should see


that the agent is now re-running that


bronze pipeline for that loyalty. And


now, again, let's skip a little bit


forward, because again, this pipeline


takes a little while to run. And now, we


can see that the run has succeeded and


the developer agent should soon have the


information that its full load run has


succeeded and there


it has it and now it will basically


update the wiki documentation about this


solution before doing the PR so that the


review agent can check that okay the


wiki documentation has has been updated.


And now that wiki documentation update


it's happening there. So if we start to


refresh this wiki, we should have


new documentation here shortly.


Basically now it is just writing those


like documentation pages about the


loyalty source system and there we can


see that it's writing that like those


different documentation about those


different tables there.


And I think very shortly we should have


that


here and it is now pushing pushing those


changes to the wiki


wiki. So there is the loyalty


documentation. Here we can see that the


dev agent has done done this


documentation about this source system


and those different tables that are


there.


And next we can see that it is opening


this pull request. So


if if we go here and open the pull


requests, we have a new pull request


open. And this new pull request should


be a trigger for this like a reviewer


agent to go through the solution. So we


can see that the review agent has been


added to this pull request as as a


reviewer and it should trigger this


review agent shortly. So we should have


some output there that the review agent


will start its work. And now we can see


that the review agent has been triggered


and awakened by the script that is


monitoring basically


if there are like pull requests that the


review agent needs to look at.


And now it will start the review process


and start to look at the solution like


does it like meet the quality standards


etc. And also like I said in the


beginning that the reviewer agent will


also fetch the wiki so it can check that


is the documentation up to up to


standards that we are expecting and also


that it can get the information about


the platform and what kind of things


should be expected with those like new


solutions there.


But I have actually added one extra


thing for the review agent to pay


attention to that I have not instructed


the developer agent to do so. Basically


if everything goes as planned the review


agent should spot one issue with the


solution and ask the developer agent to


fix that before the PR gets approved so


we can see some communication via the PR


between these two agents.


So now the review reviewer agent is


there running things and checking


checking that are things correct with


the solution and maybe we skip a little


bit forward and wait it to be done with


its evaluation. And by the way now we


can see that the reviewer agent is


actually using Microsoft Learn MCP


server to verify things and that is one


of the basic instructions that I have


given to both of these agents that try


to check everything and confirm


everything from Microsoft Learn


documentation before like claiming that


something can or cannot be done with


Fabric. And now we can see that the


reviewer agent is done and it actually


find the thing that I added to its


instructions so it added a comment here


to this PR, which will then again


trigger a new session for the developer


agent because it needs to fix things.


So, this is a trigger for the developer


agent to activate. And now actually


at the same time now the reviewer agent


will stop the session because it has


done its work and now the things are


again at the hand of the developer agent


there. But the thing that it commented


on is about like the pipeline itself.


The new pipeline in the solution. So,


it commented about these like properties


that the developer agent hasn't defined


a concurrency setting for the pipeline.


So, basically there is now a possibility


that the pipeline could be running


multiple times in parallel at the same


time that could be problematic. And


if we check out the pipeline quickly so


that you know which thing I'm talking


about. So, if we open up the loyalty


pipeline,


we have this concurrency setting here


the pipeline that is typically defined


as one for the pipeline. So, there is no


like possibility to pipeline to run two


times in parallel. So, then when you


have defined one there, if the pipeline


is already running and a new iteration


of that pipeline would trigger,


basically that new iteration would wait


until that


first iteration of that pipeline is done


and start to run after that. So, that is


something that I have instructed the


reviewer agent to pay attention to and I


have not given any instructions about


that for the developer agent. So,


now


the developer agent will actually start


to modify the work and


and modify these based on the reviewer


agent's instructions. And now we can


actually see that the dev agent added a


comment here that it is not adding that


setting because it cannot find that in


the platform standards, which is kind of


correct because that's not found in the


wiki and that's a specific instruction


for the review agent. But now I will


comment here that add that one


concurrency one there. So, let's see if


it will now comply and do that since I


will give some input for that issue. And


now we can see that that actually


triggered a new session for that


developer agent and let's see if my


comment is now like a changing factor


there that it will it will actually do


that change there and then also the


reviewer agent will be happy. And also


the funny thing is that I have been


running this demo for multiple times and


this is actually the first time that I


have this dialogue here that the dev


agent is not doing that change even


though the review agent is saying it it


should do that. Of course, I could also


change the agent instructions so that it


would always like comply with the things


that are coming from the review reviewer


agent.


But let's see what happens when I added


that comment there and let's see if it


will now actually do that change there.


And now we can see that


it now did that change and actually


pushed some new changes there and this


will actually now trigger the review


agent once more so it will trigger a new


session


for the review agent and it will recheck


that


are everything now all right with the


solution and are we ready to approve it?


And now we can see also that the agent


session has ended again for the


developer agent because there were no


more things for that agent to do and it


is back to polling there. And while the


reviewer agent is doing its job there,


we can see that the dev agent also added


a comment there that it did that change


and would aligning the template and


onboarding run book if this is going to


be standard going forward. So, maybe


that should be already in the agent


instructions, but I like I said, I added


there to have this like a little


dialogue between these agents and so


that the pull request wouldn't go


through on the first right there. But,


like we can see that when dealing with


LLMs, things can be a little bit


unpredictable and before we end this


video, I will also talk about how to


like limit this these things and limit


the creativity of these agents so that


they wouldn't have to like think too


much or be too creative and we can just


point that creativity to places where we


really need that. And now we can see


that the review agent is done and it


gave us this like a checklist what kind


of things it checked and that all of


them have now passed its review and we


can see that the pipeline concurrency


setting has the status of fixed because


that was the only issue in the first


round that the reviewer agent noticed


and everything now should look good. So,


here we have all of those things that


are going now into the into the main and


of course, now I would do the final


approval here and then complete this


pull request so that things would go


into the main.


Hey, by the way, are you looking to


learn Microsoft Fabric hands-on with the


super helpful community? If you are,


then Fabric Forge is the place to go. It


is a free to join learning platform


founded by me with few other Microsoft


Fabric experts. Inside Fabric Forge, you


will find plenty of video lectures and


hands-on exercises along with


step-by-step video walkthroughs covering


everything from basics to advanced


solutions. For premium members, we also


offer a weekly call where you can join a


live call with me and other experts to


ask your Marks Fabric questions directly


from us. So, after watching this video,


go to school.com/fabricforge


and sign up. Link can be also found in


video description. Now, let's get back


to the video. But, before we end this


video, let's talk a little bit about the


agent anatomy and their blueprint and


what kind of philosophy I have taken


with these agents and their permissions,


etc. And then also like how you could


get started with these agents as well.


And here in this table/diagram,


we can see more information about these


agents and their anatomy. But yeah,


let's start with the dev agent here. So,


like I said, that dev agent was running


their Claude code and the model it was


running was Fable 5, so the latest and


greatest from Anthropic at this stage.


And here we can see the toolbox of the


agent and what kind of permissions it


had. So, let's start from here. So,


basically like I explained, that agent


actually clones the solution repo and


the wiki repo because it basically needs


both of them for doing its work.


Then, here is one thing that is very


specific for the developer agent.


And this is one thing that will actually


help you to one, save tokens and also


limit the creativity of the LLM. But


basically, what I have done here is that


I have given some deterministic scripts


for agent to use. For example, for


branch out operations, it has this


pre-made branch out script that it can


run so that the agent wouldn't have to


reinvent the branch out process on the


fly because this branch out process is


more or less the same every time. So, it


will create a new branch, then it will


create a new feature workspace following


a set naming convention and also add me


as admin there.


Then also running those pipelines I have


made script for that. So it can just run


this like Python script and doesn't have


to figure out via API calls how to run


that pipeline and I have actually


limited the API calls that that agent


can do directly the fabric.


And then we also also have this sync


workspace script that we will help with


the Git operation. So again, the agent


don't have to reinvent that thing and


investigated investigate how to do that.


So it will save a lot of tokens when you


have this pre-made toolbox for the agent


to use.


And then for some things the agent will


actually utilize the fabric CLI


for example getting some information


about the fabric workspace etc. And then


another important tool there is the


Azure DevOps MCPs MCP server that the


agent will use to like interact with


Azure DevOps. And then we have the


Microsoft learn that is pretty much


always needed when dealing with AI


agents and Microsoft fabric because from


Microsoft learn documentation via this


MCP server it can get the latest


information about fabric since typically


those agents do not know latest fabric


features that well and of course if it


would do a standard web search about


those it would burn so many more tokens


compared to this MCP server. And then we


had that dispatcher script there for the


developer agent and the idea was there


that we just run this Python script that


will then wake up those LLM sessions


when they are really needed. So


basically we don't burn any tokens when


the LLM is not needed and we don't need


to poll things using the LLM. We rather


use this script to check is there


anything to do that we need that agent


for.


And for this developer agent, we had few


different triggers defined there. So,


basically that we had that work item


there in to do with that dev agent tag


or like


reply waiting on a ticket or something


on that PR when it had that deal


dialogue with between me and that


reviewer agent there.


So, basically like we saw that the


developer agent will go sleep after the


task is done and that session is ended


and then the script will again start to


run and


try to poll is there anything to do so


that it would trigger a new session for


that developer agent. And then we can


see some permissions that were granted


for that developer agent there. So, it


had access to some places in Azure


DevOps like the data platform repo there


and also the wiki and then also the work


items it needed access as well. And then


to the fabric side, it was allowed to


create workspaces and also add them to


that F4 capacity that I had running


there. And also I had granted user


access to the connection that was used


for that SQL database on Azure. And then


some things were explicitly denied from


that developer agent like it was not


allowed to push anything to main and I


have blocked that via like branch policy


so that I have added that the developer


agent cannot actually push anything to


main and also cannot do like merges


merges to the main as well. And also


then there were some


deny accesses to the agent environment


variables as well so that it couldn't


like print its tokens or anything like


that. But otherwise, like it was running


this permission mode bypass permissions


because it was running in a headless


session where it cannot like ask human


to do like approve things. So, because I


wanted to run that agent like as this


like autonomous developer, so it


wouldn't like ask permissions to do


things because otherwise, there wouldn't


be really point doing it this way. Then,


if we quickly check out the reviewer


agent, it was running there Codex like I


explained to you, and it was running


there GPT 5.6 solved, which is also the


greatest and latest now from OpenAI at


this point. And some of the things with


this reviewer agent were quite similar


when we compare it to the developer


agent. But, basically, here are subset


of things because this agent doesn't


need those scripts that much like that


were built for the developer agent, and


it doesn't really need the Fabric CLI


there. But, it had access to the Azure


DevOps MCP server, also Microsoft Learn


MCP server to


check things. Also,


it had its own like dispatcher script,


but in that case, it got only triggered


by that like PR actions there. So, like


new PRs and things happening on those


PRs like new pushes and commits were


like things that only triggered the


reviewer agent there. And then, what


comes to the permissions of this


reviewer agent, they were kind of like a


subset of permissions from the developer


agent because the


reviewer agent didn't really need any


access to the Fabric side of things. So,


it didn't have any access to Fabric, but


it had access to DevOps, of course, and


then also many things were denied from


this reviewer agent as well. And like we


saw, both of these agents were running


using those service principal


identities, so they have their own


identities there. And when building


these agents, it's always very good to


think about like what are the


permissions that are given for that


specific service principal that the


agent is using. So, even though you


would give agents some instructions that


do not touch this and do not do that and


etc.,


those are like just instructions, but


you really want to also limit that on


the permission side of things so that


the agent cannot really do the actions


that you don't really want it to do.


Also, it is always the good to have


those instructions in place, but you


also want to limit limit the scope of


things that the agent could do because


then I think with agents you want to


have this kind of like mindset that if


the agent has like technically


permissions to do something or


permissions to see something, you can


expect to see and do those things


eventually. Also, one important thing


that I want to highlight with these


agents is that the context is always


very important. So,


as as I showed you in the beginning that


we have this wiki here where everything


is documented properly.


That is basically the shared context for


those agents to use so that they know


what what type of platform they are


dealing with etc. And if you're planning


or considering using these type of


agents in the future as part of your


like development and data engineering


team, then maybe right now start to


already check that is your like project


documentation up-to-date and is it like


structured well etc. Of course, that is


something that LLMs are really good at


like restructuring and helping you to


get that documentation in shape, but I


think that's one of the prerequisites


that you really need to have in place if


you're considering using these agents


because like said this like context is


really really important when using these


agents and that context wiki or project


documentation is that context that those


agents really need to operate in your


environment and know what that


environment is all about. And if you're


looking to get started with this type of


like agents as part of your team, I


would probably start with that type of


like a code review agent because you can


limit its access access to only to that


specific code so that it cannot see for


example data in many cases so it can


only see code and check that code that


it is up to your standards etc. I think


things get way more complex and


problematic when you start to think


about like those like proper developer


agents that can actually technically see


your data there and then you really want


to think about how you would host those


because probably in many cases you don't


want your data to go to for example to


open AI or Anthropic via those API calls


that those agents are doing. But there


are of course many many ways to handle


those agents in another way than just


using those like subscriptions that I'm


using and there are like proper ways to


host them. Okay, I hope this gave you a


concrete picture what AI agents can


already do on a fabric data platform and


more importantly the patterns that make


it safer. I would really like to hear


which AI workflows you would want me to


cover next. So leave a comment below and


let me know. And if you want to learn


more about these fabric AI workflows,


remember to join fabric forge and the


link can be found in the description.


But now, thanks for watching and see you


in the next video.